Cleanup of tutorials-intro.adoc (#601)
dfinity/docs: modules/developers-guide/pages/tutorials-intro.adoc

The link:../quickstart/quickstart-intro{outfilesuffix}[Quick start] provided a simplified introduction to the basic work flow for creating and deploying a new project without exploring the contents of the project directory or sample code.

> Next, we’ll explore writing a few simple programs to give you hands-on experience creating programs that run on the {IC} blockchain.

Author: ```suggestion
Next, we’ll explore writing a few simple programs to give you hands-on experience creating programs that run on the {platform}.
```
